{% for category in site.categories %}
  <h3>{{ category[0] }}</h3>
  <ul>
    {% for post in category[1] %}
      <li><a href="{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a></li>
    {% endfor %}
  </ul>
{% endfor %}

## Why does this site exist?

I was really impressed with the quality of this CTF,
from the packaging, to PCB design, and most critically,
to the challenges themselves.

In addition, the author provides two virtual challenges
via a web browser interface:
* First stage of the [initial shipped CTF](https://swordofsecrets.com/mini-rv32ima.html)
* Shorter, single-stage [Golden Challenge](https://swordofsecrets.com/mini-rv32ima-golden.html)

This way, you can poke at the source code, and try out
the interface even without having any of the hardware.
In fact, I used the web interface before my unit arrived.

The creator, Gili, put the entire source online
on [github](https://github.com/gili-yankovitch/SwordOfSecrets)
(*of course without the actual encryption keys*).
This way, you can follow along with what is happening
inside the board.   In this way, the CTF challenges
relate more to understanding C code, learning about
cryptographic weaknesses, learning about the flash
chip's functionality,  etc.  By hiding nothing except
the encryption keys, Gili forced himself to create
interesting challenges.

## What will be posted here?

I've written up a full walkthrough in markdown, and 
am trying publishing via Github Pages.

Expected posts:
* General interaction with the Sword.
* Primer on how the SPI flash works, how to communicate with it.
* For each stage:
  * a description of stuff that you'll need to
    know, or learn, if solving the stage in the same
    manner that I have solved it.
  * a set of hints ... defining the problem,
    listing what's known, what's unknown, and the goal.
  * a second set of hints the provide more direct
    suggestions on how to attack the problem, all the
    way through explicitly describing how it can be
    solved.
  * a full-blown walkthrough, with explicit commands
    to be sent, and how to interpret the results.
* Finally, for the last stage, I will describe two
  alternate solutions ... each more powerful than
  the previous one.

## When will the posts appear?

I'll trickle out posts, likely 1-2 per week initially,
primarily because I'm still configuring how the
GHPages thing works.

## While you wait...

Take a look through the
[source code](https://github.com/gili-yankovitch/SwordOfSecrets/src),
and load up the [virtual stage 1](https://swordofsecrets.com/mini-rv32ima.html)
challenge, and see what you can figure out.

Of course, if you like the CTF challenge, please consider supporting
the creator by purchasing one or more Sword of Secrets.

Note: I am not affiliated with the creator, Gili, except
as a satisfied customer of this CTF hardware.


